# Best-Adventure-Resorts-in-Pune
No. 1   Pune, is a place of great tourist attraction because of its scenic beauty of hills, beaches and forests that are situated in and around the city. Pune is also called the ‘Oxford of the East’ because of it has higher number of Universities and Colleges than any other cities in India. This city is therefore always populated by students, nature lovers, tourists and even worshippers who has faith in Shirdi Sai. Pune is also an emerging IT hub of India and therefore it is mostly crowded by young generation. Young students and professionals always keep on searching for tourist destinations to visit in the weekends. These tourist destinations are found to be crowded by young generations in the weekends who spend their leisure time with friends and make each and every moment of their young life great. The notable spots of tourist attraction in and near to Pune are, Alibaug Beach, Sinhagad Fort, Shaniwarwaada, Panchgani, and Kalasubai  Peak.  But new generations who just like to spend their leisure time relaxing with friends and lovers seek to spend their leisure time in a quiet place free from hustles of the city and which are less crowded. This quite life that new generations of the city is seeking for is found in the resorts that are growing up in and around the city. The resorts in Pune are emerging out to be one of the places of attraction for visitors because of the location and hospitality. Most of the resorts are located on the hillsides, beaches and besides the lakes. During Monsoon it feels great to spend your quality time with friends and loved ones in these resorts and view the panoramic view of the Western Ghats. Therefore these resorts are also known as nature resorts. These nature resorts are now arranging for fun outdoor activities to attract more crowd.
One of these nature resorts in Pune is Serrano, situated on the banks of Mulshi Lake. This nature resort is situated on the steps of the Deccan Plateau and have large green meadows inside surrounded by forests from all sides. People of both young and old age groups prefer to visit this nature resort in Mulshi  to spend their quality time with families and friends and are found to spend a serene life away from all tensions of daily lives, hearing to the chirping of birds and gushing sound of the streams that flow from the gorges in the monsoon.  This nature resort in Mulshi, Pune arranges for outdoor games- from adventure outdoor sports to intensify the adrenaline rush of the young generations who prefer to make their weekends great, like Ziplining, Body Zorbing, Five Elements and Walking on a Swinging Bridge to just rain dance, mud bath, open jeep forest hill ride for the bit older generations who like to make their weekends great spending time with family and loved ones. Equipped with the most modern necessities of adventure games, Serrano the nature resort has already come in the list of the <a href="http://serranothenatureresort.com/">best adventure resorts in Pune</a>.

No. 2  <a href="http://serranothenatureresort.com/">Serrano the nature resort</a> is arranging different kinds of fun activities for its visitors, within the resort premises this monsoon. People of Pune have been found to searching for some fun activities to participate with friends and families and refresh their mind after a long week of tiring work. Keeping this in mind Serrano is emerging out to be one of the <a href="http://serranothenatureresort.com/">best weekend resorts in Pune</a> where people from family-men to couples finding it to be the most beautiful place to relax under the tranquillity of nature and create some memories of togetherness that can help strengthening the bond in future. College students from in and nearby Pune likes to visit this nature resort in Mulshi, 40 km from Pune to get the most fun out of participating in outdoor fun games like, Artificial Rock Climbing, Walking on Hanging Bridge and in some indoor activities like Archery and Rifle Shooting to make their weekends special. Couples make the most fun out of dancing under the artificial shower and make the moments of togetherness special. Family-men participates with children jumping and dancing on a mud covered field and enjoy in reviving their childhood memories. Bit aged people find Serrano as the most beautiful place to enjoy the tranquillity of nature- the sight of the Western Ghats covered in green, and the rain-fed waterfalls gushing out from the deep gorges of the Western Ghats and passing through one side of the resort touching the soft green grasses of the lush green meadows. Older couples get amazed to see the beauty of nature and relax under the serenity of nature in the most comfortable way. This nature resort in Pune allows pets too, so that they can have a great time with their owners. Serrano maintains an ecological lake and provides protection so that visitors can explore inside safely. This weekend resort in Pune has its fame for warmly welcoming its visitors and providing them with the comforts of their own home.
